feat: adding cards generation script (#73)
usd-wg/assets: scripts/cards-generator/README.md

# USD Cards Generator

## Purpose

> Given a USD file, take pictures of each of it's axes and assign them as it's card images

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Given a USD file, take pictures of each of it's axes and assign them as the cards' images
```
